hey guys and welcome back to everything
DIY today we show you how to install
wheel spacers on our mazdaspeed3
additionally we made another video for
those of you who are interested in
seeing exactly what wheel spacers are
and what purpose they serve we've made
that video to explain all of that so
check that out the tools were using for
this project included Jack ratchet and
21 millimeter socket the parts were
using are these five millimeter hub
centric wheel spacers which are the
correct size for our car please be sure
to buy the correct size spacers for your
vehicle most wheels on today's cards are
hub centric meaning they center from the
flange on the wheel hub be sure you get
hub centric wheel space with the right
center bore size and wheel pattern for
our car that's sixty seven point one
millimeters for the inner ring with five
lug nuts by one hundred and fourteen
point three millimeters for all the
outer holes don't buy lug centric wheel
spacers your wheels become unbalanced if
you do to start we're going to lift the
car thanks going to remove the tire and
put it off to the side
before we install our space we want to
make sure we have a clean rotor and hub
surface so I'm just going to gently
clean it off with this wire brush
with that clean we can now install the
space their direction doesn't really
matter you just need to make sure it's
fully seated around the hub flange as
you can see it's totally centered around
the hub and not the studs make sure it's
just flat up against there and not
warped in any way looks good for some of
you with large wheel spacers that have
their own nuts the install is the same
just make sure that the top of the
spacer covers the entire wheel stud if
it doesn't you'll either need to cut the
stud itself or install new ones to fit
put the wheel back on the hub and now
I'm going to torque the lug nuts down
using a star pattern it's really
important that you do this because we
decrease the size of the hub flange we
want to make sure that everything seats
properly
alright guys enough this yet we have
that other video explaining much
everything you need to know about little
spaces check that out over here if you
like this video please show it some love
by hitting that thumbs up button if you
wanna see more from us subscribe if you
have any questions or comments please
leave them below